Added basic auth back to project settings (#4481)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Project-settings/index.md

Used to upload and bind your custom security certificate to your hostnames instead of using the TLS (HTTPS) certificates provided by the Umbraco Cloud service.

## Public access

> Staging and Development environments on Umbraco Cloud projects can be protected by basic authentication.
> It require you to enter your Cloud credentials in order to view the frontend. 
> 
> You can disable/enable it with one click on the Public access page.
> 
> Access to disabling/enabling basic authentication requires your project to be on the Standard plan or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
Staging and Development environments on Umbraco Cloud projects can be protected by basic authentication.
It requires you to enter your Cloud credentials in order to view the frontend. 

You can disable/enable it with one click on the Public access page.

Access to disabling/enabling basic authentication requires your project to be on the Standard plan or higher.
```

> Access to disabling/enabling basic authentication requires your project to be on the Standard plan or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to manage the basic authentication requires your project to be on the Standard plan or higher.
```
